# Introduction

## :trophy: A2.3 Learning Activity
1.	Consider applying the following architectural patterns to the case study.

- [x] Client-server architecture pattern.	
- [x] Layered architecture pattern.
- [ ] Architecture pattern model view controller.         
- [x] Micro-service oriented architecture pattern.        
- [ ] Architectural pattern pipes and filters.
- [x] Event-based architecture pattern.            
- [ ] Repository or whiteboard architecture pattern        
- [ ] Publisher/subscriber architecture pattern. 
- [x] Master-slave architecture pattern.          
- [ ] Point-to-point architecture pattern.

2.	Take as a basis the architectural views as well as the elaborated UML diagrams, to apply the pattern that you consider the most appropriate for each of the following scenarios.
  - 2.1 Considering that it is desired to maintain and scale the system, it seeks to develop the application through the decomposition of small independent and isolated services, which consume an external interface to communicate to a database server. 
  - 2.2 Confidentiality and security being attributes or requirements for the case study, it seeks to structure each of the components that are going to be programmed in groups of sub-tasks, where each of these sub-tasks must be communicated an intermediate layer and this to another upper layer.
  - 2.3	Looking for the availability of the system, it is proposed to install two service servers, where they make their requests to a third server in which the database would be stored.
  - 2.4	Identifying that data integrity is a requirement, it is proposed to replicate and synchronize the database stored within the main server to another, considering the main as master and secondary as slave.
  - 2.5	Considering that the client requested that every time a failure occurs, alarms should be provided to the different users regardless of where they are located, it is noted that a service provider must be hired to trigger the alarms of these reach the required users. 

### Conclusions

#### Cota Villa Edy Jesús Manuel

#### **Jaramillo Regino Hector Armando**

#### **Dehesa Zazueta Riggel Alioth**

#### **Morales Arismendi Cristhian Antonio**


### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria      | Description                                                                                  | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions  | Is each of the points indicated in the Instructions section fulfilled?                       | 10      |  | 5 |
| Development   | Was each one of the points requested within the development of the activity answered?        | 60      |
| Demonstration | Does the student introduce himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity?            | 20      |
| Conclusions   | Is a personal opinion of the activity included by each of the team members?                  | 10      |

### :bookmark: Links

**Cota Villa Edy Jesús Manuel**

:house: [Repository](https://github.com/CotaVilla/AnalisisAvanzadoDeSoftware_Feb21-Jul21)


**Jaramillo Regino Hector Armando**

:house: [Repository](https://github.com/HectorJaramillo/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)


**Dehesa Zazueta Riggel Alioth**

:house: [Repository](https://github.com/RiggelDZ/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)


**Morales Arismendi Cristhian Antonio**

:house: [Repository](https://github.com/aris-dev/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)

