# Introduction

## :trophy: A3.3 Learning activity

Software architecture design using C4 model

### :blue_book: Instructions

- Based on research and the document provided by the consultant, perform project documentation using the scrum framework for the case study.
- The activity must be carried out using a platform such as **Notion**, or **Confluence**, and must be sent in PDF style, naming it with the nomenclature **A3.3_ActivityName_StudentName.pdf.**.
- Your repository, in addition to having a **readme**.md file in its root directory, with information such as student data, work team, subject, career, advisor data, and even logo or images, must have a contents section or index.

### :pencil2: Development

1. Draw up the following diagrams for the case study:
   
   - [x] 1. Context diagram.
   - [x] 2. Container diagram.
   - [x] 3. Component diagram.
   - [x] 4. Class diagram.


### Conclusions

#### **Cota Villa Edy Jesús Manuel**
In this activity we develop the C4 diagram, which is a tool that fits with the agile methodology, which with its four levels of detail we can zoom in on all the parts that make up the project in a more technical way each time, until we reach UML classes, 4C diagrams seemed pretty good to me and but specific tools are required for this type of diagrams.

#### **Jaramillo Regino Hector Armando**
In this activity we make C4 diagrams which are visualized in four levels which are almost the same as we did in a past activity. We had many problems because most of the time during the development of the activity we did not know what we were doing, we resorted to the teacher's feedback to better understand how to implement C4 to our diagrams, and with a little more information we noticed that the activity was not so complicated as it seemed.

#### **Dehesa Zazueta Riggel Alioth**
C4 serves as a definition of the system that consists of 4 levels, each one getting more defined, breaking down its containers and components. I found interesting the interaction between levels, and how easy it is to review and understand a complex software system.

#### **Morales Arismendi Cristhian Antonio**
In this activity, I learned to be able to divide our software architecture into small pieces by the c4 model so that when it is put together it gives us meaning to the platform that we are going to develop.  It also allows representing systems to be developed in a simple and effective way, allowing each type of audience to understand in a clear and concise way the elements that will be part of the solution, this knowledge is essential to achieve the successful execution of a project in the required times, for this reason it is very important to consider it for new applications to be developed.

#### :bomb: Rubric

| Criteria     | Description                                                                                  | Score |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Instructions | Each of the points indicated in the section "The company complies with each one of the following points Instructions?            | 10      |  
| Development    | Each of the points requested in the development of the activity was answered.?     | 60      |
| Demonstration  | The student introduces himself during the explanation of the functionality of the activity.?            | 20      |
| Conclusions  | A personal opinion of the activity is included for each team member.? | 10      |


### :bookmark: Links

**Cota Villa Edy Jesús Manuel**

:house: [Repository](https://github.com/CotaVilla/AnalisisAvanzadoDeSoftware_Feb21-Jul21)


**Jaramillo Regino Hector Armando**

:house: [Repository](https://github.com/HectorJaramillo/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)


**Dehesa Zazueta Riggel Alioth**

:house: [Repository](https://github.com/RiggelDZ/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)


**Morales Arismendi Cristhian Antonio**

:house: [Repository](https://github.com/aris-dev/Analisis-Avanzado-de-Software)
